you can launch standard Android
applications on here going into this
kind of the sort of desktop but but
importantly the the signature
applications the things that run on top
that really make the full sonaris and
user experience are launched directly so
in the case of timescape
so this is all the this is all the
events that have happened in the device
that this sort of graphics performance
is obviously not representative of the
final they're here we have this sort of
full integration of Facebook Twitter all
your communications in one and then if i
click across I can actually show
specific events related to one type of
communication so this is all the
facebook updates
and then if I pick a cross again all the
Twitter updates
and then if I just touch on one
particular trial but that tile expands
and then I touch again I can actually go
directly young
go directly here we go into Twitter so
now I've actually launched the browser
directly from the time scale to show the
full update so this is just a min NASA I
just happened to have the massive
twitter feed so here at some this is
just the NASA Twitter feed directa
displayed from the timescape you
and then likewise if i look in facebook
I can scroll up and down through the
facebook entries
obviously this isn't final but it is
very laggards moment how are we going to
be sure that this is going to be much
leader in java of course of course the
the application performance will be
similar to what you saw on the demos
that so that that's the intended level
of performance this is just I mean the
first implementations of these
applications just to show you that
they're really working they're not just
in PowerPoint for example so
this is actually going directly from the
timescape into this particular guy who
happens to be in my phonebook but also
with his full face book details there
and if I if I scan across then I've got
all of the info related to him as well
so for example it's picking up
information from from the contact
database call log answer here you'll see
this is the social phone book so it will
have information related to his contact
details in the phone as well as this
facebook status all completely
integrated the new chance you can choose
the facebook condition are not in this
particular unit we don't have that
working here so can't show you that
today unfortunately
so once we're in the home screen how do
we get into the timescape and media
skate yeah so you actually have two
choices that they're integrated onto the
home screen but in fact you can set
timescape as your home screen if you
want so you could go directly into it
into time so if you don't what you get
is the most recent event in the device
is actually presented on a hunch going
to you can see there again the NASA food
is the most recent event but if you just
press the x key button then you move
directly into the until the timescape
you to say this could be the home screen
you can set this to be your home screen
if you prefer
just to give you an idea of the
performance to show some of the native
google advocate so this is google maps
like so here you can see just to get an
idea of the sort of performance of the
device if i scan around this is this
kind of graphics performance will be
replicated in all of the other
applications as well
and then you can launch of course the
browser far away your browser either
this is the standard browser
what kid I think
you can see the kind of graphics
performance that we would expect
now would I get a chance to play around
with it a little bit a little bit yeah
from that distance it sir chris good
eyes yeah this is home button menu
button yeah I presume options
take Nora
subject
it is usually the small no no no this is
not fun like this so just go ahead and
assume that these things just beyond
doubt yeah of course this is this is the
work that we do now one thing is to get
the applications running and then of
course dr. my steps yeah because it was
calling it's pretty snappy this will
look pretty good in the browser it's
good if so the things that are sort of
natively in the platform have the
performance already and then their
signature applications we've added on
top we're obviously in the process of
optimizing the right now
where the back button is very
ok so doubles in pepper and browser to
so that you have a preload in this page
no no no no that's how fast a I'm
reality yeah exactly and is this over
Wi-Fi or 3G this is on 3g what sure the
film escalator civil 3d icon there so
you can see that it's downloading you
should
this is where stock market MTG likes to
dance with the rendering exactly the
sorts of operations yep so then it's
just a question of getting the month